feat: `unstack` receives kwarg `fillvalue` (#2828)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: NEWS.md

  (notably `PooledArray` and `CategoricalArray`) or when they contained only
  integers in a small range.
  ([#2812](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/2812))
* the `unstack` function receives new keyword argument `fillvalue`

>   (with `missing` default) that fills combination of not encountered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (with `missing` default) that is used to fill combinations of not encountered
```

  rows and columns. This feature allows to distinguish between missings in

>   value column and just missing row/column combinations.

Reviewer: I would say that the main use case is `fillvalue=0` if you have count data.

  (notably `PooledArray` and `CategoricalArray`) or when they contained only
  integers in a small range.
  ([#2812](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/2812))

> * the `unstack` function receives new keyword argument `fillvalue`

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should call this just `fill`? Or is that name useful in other contexts as a Boolean argument?

Reviewer: No - this name is specific only to this function. I will rename it to `fill`.
